Move to a full Redis implementation (#1)
klippa-app/keda-celery-scaler: README.md

# KEDA Celery Scaler

[![Build Status][build-status]][build-url]

[build-url]:https://github.com/klippa-app/keda-celery-scaler/actions

[build-status]:https://github.com/klippa-app/keda-celery-scaler/workflows/go/badge.svg

An [External Scaler](https://keda.sh/docs/2.9/concepts/external-scalers/) for KEDA.

> **Only supports Celery Redis Broker for now, other brokers also have heartbeats so PRs are welcome!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Only supports Celery Redis Broker for now, PRs for other brokers that have heartbeats are welcome!**
```

## Why?

> KEDA allows you to autoscale based on the length of a queue, but that's probably not what you want.

Reviewer: How about:
```
KEDA allows for autoscaling based on the length of queues, but it's application it not practical for time cricital 
tasks. The drawback of queue length autoscaling is that scaling will only occur once tasks are queued. These queued
tasks have a longer time to completion than desired.
```

What you want is scaling based on the load `(active tasks + queue length) / available workers` so that you're able to
scale _before_ a queue starts building up. For example, you could start to scale up when the load is at 50%. This way
you're able to handle peak load way better than with a queue length based scaler.

> ## How?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Implementation
```

| KCS_WORKER_CLEANUP_INTERVAL | How often to clean up lost workers in seconds.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | 5                            |
| KCS_WORKER_QUEUE_MAP        | When your Celery apps don't send the queue in the heartbeat, you can use this to map the workers by hostname. The format is {identifier1}:{queue1},{queue2}:{concurrency1};{identifier2}:{queue3},{queue4}:{concurrency2}. When the identifier is found in the worker hostname, it will map it. |                              |
| KCS_REDIS_TYPE              | What type of redis to use, standalone or sentinel.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | standalone                   |

> | KCS_REDIS_SERVER            | host:port list, seperated by a comma (standalone uses only the first in case of multiple given)                                                                                                                                                                                                 | localhost:6379               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| KCS_REDIS_SERVER            | host:port list, seperated by a comma (redis in standalone uses only the first in case of multiple given)                                                                                                                                                                                                 | localhost:6379               |
```
